That's why I'm going to tell you life.
that I say again
Dilma already had the best hotel juquehy and
a way and spruce gets won
details of carioca in network kick
net rock
with 25 high and 7b 7b and 8b prepared each
and I saw that two afternoons will win the date
Already qaeda qaeda
I'll call you if you can not call them.
to weight
is selling them fresh or trying
[Music]
carrot
That's why I'm going to tell you life.
that I say again dilma already had the
best hotel juquehy and a way and
to take the meat
carioca and support to the carioca road of
lace barbecue cut
believe the 25 high and 7b and will goes and
7b and 8b gay work precariousness and
Good morning, I'll get the boot already.
cardiac qaeda
an old man and will call that
tram in spite of
and knowing the three with nem tries carrot